Hello dear viewers and subscribers
my channel with you tvinki today did
review moto in minecraft and today us
small but fucked mod under
the name of the throne, he adds to the miner
the so -called motorbikes from the throne and
adds some weird boats they
I will immediately say unstable so do not
I advise you to ride them
why you ask because they
break some blog and breaks you
customer so don't advise on them
ride but then we have fucked
stable motorcycles
They are really very well made but
there is still no salt in it
they are very fast and easily controlled
let's see a miracle for everyone here on
this bike
we sit here so modelka really
very cool done handles everything
tidy
let's click on r see what's in here
we have here we can not shove
gun and bombs
you can stick the so-called
gasoline or rather gas canister
so take shove perfectly from here at
I still don't have us here
the trunk so we get started let me
I'll turn on the day so everything seems to be included
okay we sit down and we touch
but fine
june june july
don't know him from here
Well guys, let's see how he is
management in general
you see on his
going to increasingly tom loves come on
give the floor
Well, apparently there is not enough speed
now we take a little bit of makei we all
how do you see took you
and everything is fine
so well in general
this is real
you need to cut
my so
everything's fine let's go straight
We look like I devoted myself
there like this
fine but what to replace some
taken to the spa
that's enough
enough
you see with us
calculate the front wheel of the goods
turns like
you not something
here we jump faster and
updated watts well dear
friends if you can download this
the client and this mod are separate in the description but
I will immediately say that in this map
it is in this map hidden key main
herbs if you find it you can
get a license with you was twinky all
until